The Joe Rogan experience. I contacted you right when the looting hit.
Because that's racist.
Well, because there are a lot of IP ballooning.
It was a thing where I recognize that there was a giant shift in people's
perception of the second amendment. And I said,
this is a good time for you again, appreciate it, brother. Yeah,
because you're out there beating the drums and sounding the alarms and all these
people that are anti second amendment people where a lot of these that were
lined up in California, trying to buy a gun last minute,
because as soon as the lockdown hit,
people started getting really nervous when people started getting locked in
their homes and then people, when they realized they weren't going to work,
people started worrying about people stealing and things along those lines. Um,
I heard about people getting carjacked and, uh,
or get their groceries jacked rather where they're headed to their car from the
grocery store. Things got real weird.
And then you saw these giant lines at these LA gun stores,
and that's when I got ahold of you, because I think it's very,
it's a really important conversation.
I think you're the best at explaining it from a very rational perspective
that, you know,
people in during the times before COVID they didn't think that this was
important. Yeah. But you were always one of those guys where I was like, Hey,
what if goes down? Well, guess what went down.
You don't like me carrying a firearm. You know, a lot of people ask me,
they're like, when I started carrying a gun, I'm like, why,
why do you need to carry a gun? Like what,
what do you think you're a drug dealer or something. I'm like, look,
it's nothing for me to take my, my, my phones, my wallet,
my keys, and then put my gun on and go about my life. It's nothing for me.
And it's not much of a,
it's not much of an encumbrance in my life where it's like, okay,
it's not worth the day-to-day of me carrying a firearm. But if I ever needed it,
that's going to be the most important thing I have on me to protect that life.
So it's a small price to pay for something that has such a huge upside if it
ever happens.
Yeah. You're a best case scenario though. You're you're a lawyer.
You're super intelligent. You're a really nice guy, but you also love guns.
Yeah. Look, what people are worried about is worst case scenario.
They're worried about someone who's a criminal who just wants to Rob people who
has this ultimate power over folks.
And that's what everybody's worried about when it comes to guns.
So worried about a school shooter, they're worried about a mass murderer.
They're worried about a guy who breaks into a mosque and starts going and people
down. That's what they're worried about. And that's.
That's, I, I totally get it. Like I really truly honestly get it.
I know guys and sympathize with that, but my whole thing is this.
Once we move past that understanding of, so, you know,
you have the best case scenario, which you pointed out was theoretically me,
so to speak. And then you have the worst case scenario where you have criminals.
You have crazy people, mass shooters, things of that nature.
Once we get out of that realm. So let's talk about the reality because you know,
there's overlaps, right? So I usually ask people, well,
what law are you going to come up with? That's going to completely stop that.
Here's a deceptive one that I've read. It was really up.
They were talking about this, who was a, I think he was 17 who died from COVID.
And they said, uh, he, he was, uh, they were said he was healthy,
no under no other, uh, health issues. They said,
but then you read the article deeper. It turns out he had diabetes.
He had type one diabetes and he was 400 pounds. And it's like,
wait a minute. The that's not no issues. These articles are full of.
And they write those articles just so that you click on them because they get
the ad revenue from clicks.
So they're incentivized to trick you into being scared. Like, oh my God,
a 17 year old died. What happened? My 17 year old can die. Holy.
And then you click on it. And if you don't read, you know, six,
seven paragraphs into the article,
you don't find out that this was a 400 pound diabetic kid that,
you know, that's.
What have died from the flu three months earlier.
And it would have been the same. Yeah. Yeah. You know,
so the numbers are fudged. So I don't, I don't want to believe your numbers.
Don't come to me with more scare tactics. But like the numbers are spiking.
Well, you already said that 50% of the positives or false positives.
Finally, they're saying, when they say the numbers are spiking, I haven't.
Heard the 50%. I got a video.
That was the chick that is with Fowchee. That other one,
she was saying 50%. Yeah.
I don't know how old the video was that our testing is we're coming up.
And if you have 1% of whatever and we test it,
then 55th year at about half of the positives or false positive Jesus,
and then don't wear a mask and you have to wear a mask. And he said,
the whole reason we have to flatten the curve is because it can live on anything
for up to like nine days.
And even an asymptomatic person can still transmit it.
Then it comes out. They say the exact opposite.
Yeah. Now they're saying asymptomatic people very, very rarely transmit.
It. I don't choose to believe that, Joe. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye.
We're going to believe what they told me the first time. Not the newest,
not the new facts that they have now.
So we're still gonna wear masks all the time.
Yeah. People get mad at you. If you suggest differently.
There's a lot of people that like being scared too. And they're like,
you wear your God mask. We need to protect people. Love it.
But meanwhile, who's.
Going to protect you in you. Who's going to protect your family. Me.
Being bald.
There was no these people weren't freaking out when you see these mass protests
and the spikes, guess what happened right after the protest.
And at least they're saying that now,
at least they're saying they're being forced into saying is probably
connected to the protests. Well, of course I miss you on TV right now.
I really do. This is a perfect time for you.
It's kind of crazy that you're not hosting that show anymore.
But there's so many people doing that object. You know, I was,
I really did burn out. Like I, I felt like it's just redundant. You know,
the nice thing for what you do is you get to curate and
kind of be more active in to follow your own rhythm for it.
I was really tied to that rhythm of the 24 hour news
cycle and how redundant it is and how cyclical.
And at a certain point, I was like, I don't know what else to do with this.
And so I didn't want to stay just cause I could, I just done it long enough.
And so I thought, well, let me just, it was just time.
I thought like the audience needed a fresh perspective.
I needed a fresh perspective. Like I just, I just felt done. Like I was more,
I was more mad about. Then, then inspired.
You know.
I appreciate that. You decided to go out at the, literally at the very top,
but it seems like,
especially like right now, John, Oliver's killing it. And Trevor,
Noah's doing your show and it's like, this is, this is,
there's so much to mock.
It's almost like an overload and doing real commentary on politics today in my
it's almost like you're doing commentary on pro wrestling.
Like this is a rig game and you're out here pretending like this makes
sense.
Yeah. It's you're right. Well,
it's also because that's the economic system that's been set up around
politics is the very same that Vince McMahon set up around
wrestling. You create, I mean, it is a kind of, you know, kayfabe,
it's a sort of like, yeah, there are characters.
You know what it's like when you're trying to produce something every day,
you're going to go with kind of a boiler plate structure.
So you're going to say, all right, our show revolves around your,
from the right ear, from the left, whatever comes in,
we're going to filter it through that. We're going to keep it producible,
but it starts to, like you say, it becomes, you know, authentic.
But the same thing would happen to me sometimes with like,
I'd be doing shows and,
and you would know you weren't necessarily feeling the
outrage of something or, uh, that,
that the commentary was going to be as spicy spicier,
as deep as you might want it, but you might kick it up a notch anyway.
Cause it was performative. And I,
I always had to fight that instinct to not,
to not give into the gravity of like what was expected
of me.
[Inaudible].